hey everybody how's it going it's male
ace again and who is this guy on the
screen yes its guns for hire thought I'd
tell you a little story about guns back
in his insurance days when he was an
accident benefits adjuster he used to
get really stressed out and he used to
be quite the artist I think he used his
artwork as an avenue of stress relief
but anyway I came across some of his old
art old artwork so we thought we'd make
a video and share it with you see what
have we got here oh yeah this is the
first one I'll take a look at this it's
pretty insane the details and the
intricacy of his work kind of gives you
an insight as to how he thinks and how
his brain operates and I know you guys
you know you know guns he likes to go
into great detail when he explains
things and sometimes you know he will
talk like his vlogs are like 20 minutes
long okay but if you look at this art
it's it's kind of follows the same thing
I mean he's just got a lot going on
inside his brain and when he puts it
down on paper this is the stuff that he
comes up with kind of makes you wonder
what the heck is going on in that head
of his butt and you look at it and it
obviously it doesn't resemble anything
it's just creativity and i have to say i
I've never met anyone who draws the way
he does it's kind of cool too because
our oldest son Liam he he follows in
daddy's footsteps he draws the same kind
of design actually you know what all
three of our kids do they just do crazy
designs and they color them in but but
everything matches and everything is
symmetrical and it's almost like a
mirror reflection of itself oh this one
with a dolphin this one's mine because I
like dolphins and so this one he drew
for me and he actually did these back in
2001 so he hasn't really drawn anything
since you know he's so busy with with
being the YouTube director or whatever
he just doesn't draw anymore and it's
unfortunate
was a poster that he started about four
years ago and as you can see there's a
lot of empty space that needs to be
filled in I think he should get up get
into that and try and take some time to
just sit down and put his put his mind
to his art again maybe help de-stress
and this is a close-up of the one circle
and that's a close-up of the other
circle I kind of like this one because I
like the yellow and that this is an
unfinished project as well and no
offense guns but this one kind of
reminds me of gummy worms but whatever
it is it's cool i like it there's you
know the stripes the polka dots
intertwined with each other so anyway
that's about it that's all I have for
now this is his signature I'm sure you
can figure out what it means oh and a
big shout out to one man art crew for
throwing the video together for me
because I sure as heck didn't do this
I'm just doing the commentary but anyway
if I do find some more artwork I will
maybe toss another video together for
you guys to see otherwise take care of
yourselves and we'll see you next time
Cheers